Go and apologize to Miss Ye quickly. Apologize properly.
Without Mr. Guo, I don’t have to care about human life.
If you apologize again, just apologize.
That's right, I apologized in the morning for not bringing a gift.
Miss, I will give you a shield full of gifts and you will be able to fly wherever you want.
Press consciousness, tens of millions, see if it works.
I don't want such a personal gift.
As soon as I entered, I asked my sister to come here to reminisce.
Thank you Banxiang, you can see that I am not talking about you at all.
You deserve less
I see
Then you were sexually assaulted while you were lying down
Sorry, Mr. Guo
I'm not a charity cleaner
what do you want to do
I just didn't message you
Don't stay here while I grab the sword
You slept with Miss Ye
At least you can compensate Mr. Guo
clean angry
You can't defeat me in front of Yanzhi and me.
This is for you
Duomeipin has multiple warehouses, yes?
Miss Ye is right
I should reflect
You change to Miss Ye
Learn more from the CEO
things to us
Let's talk again
something wrong
Just bring it up
I hope we can have a happy cooperation
Happy cooperation
If nothing happens
Let's go first. Go quickly.
don't be angry
You returned my good deeds to him here
during this time
Do you support you two?
Say no to me
You didn’t even listen and got off the car
Go, go, go, go
Mother of Heaven and the Li family are so far apart
Not by oneself, not by oneself, not by oneself
How about finding a way to get lucky?
I took it with me again
Can I go home and listen to you?
How can he sleep
Will I have the last rest today?
Then I'm done
We must find a way to deal with it and take it first